[docs-only] oCIS 1.18 Release Notes (#3265)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/release_notes.md

geekdocFilePath: release_notes.md
---

## ownCloud Infinite Scale 1.18.0 Technology Preview

> Version 1.18.0 brings major improvements, new features and bug fixes to the platform. Infinite Scale can now send user notifications via email and the 'Spaces' feauture has made a lot of progress towards its initial feature completeness. ownCloud Web comes furthermore with many design and usability improvements that round off the recent redesigning initiative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1.18.0 brings major improvements, new features and bug fixes to the platform. Infinite Scale can now send user notifications via email and the 'Spaces' feature has made a lot of progress towards its initial feature completeness. ownCloud Web comes furthermore with many design and usability improvements that round off the recent redesign initiative.
```

> Version 1.18.0 brings major improvements, new features and bug fixes to the platform. Infinite Scale can now send user notifications via email and the 'Spaces' feauture has made a lot of progress towards its initial feature completeness. ownCloud Web comes furthermore with many design and usability improvements that round off the recent redesigning initiative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version 1.18.0 brings major improvements, new features and bug fixes to the platform. Infinite Scale can now send user notifications via email and the 'Spaces' feauture has made a lot of progress towards its initial feature completeness. Furthermore, ownCloud Web comes with many design and usability improvements that round off the recent redesigning initiative.
```
